CEXT-6421: update checkout starter kit docs for the 4-app split (#578)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/connect.md

---

# Connect to Adobe Commerce

This guide explains how a checkout starter kit app connects to Adobe Commerce.

## Association

Each app connects to a specific Commerce instance through App Management's association step: an app manager associates the deployed app with their Commerce instance from **Apps** > **App Management** in the Commerce Admin. See [manage your app](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/app-management/manage-app/manage-app) for the association, installation, and other lifecycle steps.

Once associated, `getCommerceClient` (from [`@adobe/aio-commerce-lib-app`](https://github.com/adobe/aio-commerce-lib-app)) resolves the Commerce instance's base URL and environment (PaaS or SaaS) from the stored association data, so there's no `COMMERCE_BASE_URL` to configure manually for actions that go through association:

```javascript
import { getCommerceClient } from "@adobe/aio-commerce-lib-app";
import { resolveImsAuthParams } from "@adobe/aio-commerce-sdk/auth";

export async function main(params) {
  const commerceClient = await getCommerceClient(resolveImsAuthParams(params));
  const products = await commerceClient.get("products").json();
}
```

> `getCommerceClient` throws an `AppNotAssociatedError` if the app isn't associated with a Commerce instance yet — re-associating the app resolves this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getCommerceClient` throws an `AppNotAssociatedError` if the app isn't associated with a Commerce instance yet. Re-associating the app resolves this error.
```

## Authentication

> `getCommerceClient` only accepts [IMS](#adobe-identity-management-service-ims) authentication. If you're calling Commerce directly instead of going through App Management association, use `resolveCommerceHttpClientParams` and `AdobeCommerceHttpClient` from [`@adobe/aio-commerce-sdk/api`](https://github.com/adobe/aio-commerce-sdk) — these support both IMS and [Commerce Integration](#create-a-commerce-integration) (OAuth1) authentication, picked automatically based on which credentials are present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getCommerceClient` only accepts [IMS](#adobe-identity-management-service-ims) authentication. If you're calling Commerce directly instead of going through App Management association, use `resolveCommerceHttpClientParams` and `AdobeCommerceHttpClient` from [`@adobe/aio-commerce-sdk/api`](https://github.com/adobe/aio-commerce-sdk). These support both IMS and [Commerce Integration](#create-a-commerce-integration) (OAuth1) authentication, picked automatically based on which credentials are present.
```

### Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS)

[SaaS Only](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/user-guides/product-solutions) IMS authentication is used and Commerce Integration authentication is not available.

> Use `resolveImsAuthParams(params)` to resolve the app's own IMS credentials, populated automatically at association time. Use `forwardImsAuthProvider(params)` instead to forward the caller's own IMS token — for example, when an Admin UI action needs to act as the logged-in admin rather than as the app itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `resolveImsAuthParams(params)` to resolve the app's own IMS credentials, which are populated automatically at association time. Use `forwardImsAuthProvider(params)` when you need to forward the caller's own IMS token, such as  when an Admin UI action needs to act as the logged-in admin rather than as the app itself.
```
